---
title: "Talks and Related Publications"
date: 2019-11-29T15:26:15Z
draft: false
weight: 1
---

## [Open design meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fOSRdyZR2w75D87yU2Ma9h2-_lEPL4NxvhJGJd-s5pk/edit#heading=h.rcuxyx55hyqp) presentations

* Nov 17, 2021: "Charting CIRCT: the present and near future landscape" by John Demme, Fabian Schuiki, Mike Urbach, and Andrew Young at LLVM Developer Meeting 2021;
[slides](https://llvm.org/devmtg/2021-11/slides/2021-ChartingCIRC-TThePresentAndFutureLandscape.pdf)
[recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-Aqyce5ra0)

* Nov 17, 2021:  “CIRCT: Lifting hardware development out of the 20th century” by Andrew Lenharth, and Chris Lattner at LLVM Developer Meeting 2021;
[slides](https://llvm.org/devmtg/2021-11/slides/2021-CIRCT-LiftingHardwareDevOutOfThe20thCentury.pdf)
[recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee01_yHjs9k)

* Apr 19, 2021: "The Golden Age of Compiler Design in an Era of HW/SW Co-design" by Chris Lattner at ASPLOS 2021 ;
[recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HgShra-KnY)

* Jan 27, 2021: Jie Wang talked about AutoSA ;
[recording](https://sifive.zoom.us/rec/play/ds7NksD03x8_hJ9oiwg4pk-c7JaChrU6py1QAC7Or9lm-giOZ-ZOS-XQNK5glYa6OJm9-MT9mRwMSKE5.CMopCniDF4nhfGXw?continueMode=true)
[github project](https://github.com/UCLA-VAST/AutoSA)

* Jan 13, 2021: Rachit Nigam talked about Calyx Intermediate language ;
[slides](https://rachitnigam.com/files/slides/calyx.pdf)
[recording](https://sifive.zoom.us/rec/share/NvoM4qs6f0r8b1Rzt_jpRiOC9fWxba1j1zuDx8idWye4O6KgZBojxKXc48tKrCCp.tUFXyNHI3eoR1V8r)

* Jan 6, 2021: Mike Urbach presented slides on NPComp to Static Hardware ;
[slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MyQWWFsksfMO5DVdJkpSnL1POQLibVb0RbGwCQm9JcY/edit?usp=sharing)
[recording](https://sifive.zoom.us/rec/share/J6uVkQsxLvqNy1iMXoxuCaDfNrsI3O7Gue1magWykcjhV1EdUBdFk9R8Mr3MGjPs.UQrjhAN9u8gJ0La0)

* Dec 16, 2020: Richard Townsend talked about his Haskell to hardware work ;
[slides](http://www.cs.columbia.edu/~sedwards/papers/townsend2017functional.pdf)
[recording](https://sifive.zoom.us/rec/share/5a_ICg-LBbv6IzUjwmO4POUdo3gr8qH5rcC3T1Mi563OlD4aWlD-8RU3aH88FWr3.z9cXYF4pyVJfYVkc)

* Dec 9, 2020: David Durst gave a talk about Aetherling ;
[paper](https://aetherling.org/aetherling.pdf)
[project website](https://aetherling.org/)

* Dec 2, 2020: Thomas Bourgeat and Clément Pit-Claudel gave a talk about Koika ;
[paper](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3385412.3385965)

* Nov 4, 2020: Chris Torng gave a talk on mflowgen - a modular approach to reusable physical design flows ;
[project website](https://mflowgen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

* Oct 28, 2020: Cheng Tan talked about OpenCGRA work happening at PNNL ;
[github project](https://github.com/pnnl/OpenCGRA)

* Oct 21, 2020: Sitao Huang talked about PyLog work happening at UIUC ;
[slides](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1k-fLrgfo3Mh4Kv4uCOS8VDLX5ngG5znj/view?usp=sharing)

* Sep 30, 2020: Wilson Snyder presented an overview of Verilator and its infrastructure ;
[github project](https://github.com/verilator/verilator)

* Sep 23, 2020: Rachit Nigam, Adrian Sampson talked about Dahlia language ;
[web demo](https://capra.cs.cornell.edu/dahlia/)
[youtube talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hp_RwcnrFJg)

* Sep 16, 2020: Adam Izraelevitz presented about FIRRTL design and lessons learned ;
[presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1fkwgbBe_AfNYkNxUJEdZCAo-Ys_6u_fdxd3K5d59eXU/edit?usp=sharing)

* Sep 9, 2020: Fabrizio Ferrandi presented about Bambu ;
[presentation](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Q3VCv4i7S4Ys2zR7cn4N9HhCYyFzeMj6/view?usp=sharing)

* Aug 19, 2020: Hanchen Ye talked about Handshake-based HLS work did at Xilinx ;
[presentation](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_YYKpd60ltPb0Kg5agqib2FAOvBLHlJO/view?usp=sharing)

* July 22, 2020: Aliaksei led a discussion about Verilog type systems;
[slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1m5to8jIGCwOhZfAHA6UOAc7BBThHSRxUkc2Niu48bqI/edit?usp=sharing)

* July 8, 2020: Stephen talked about RTL dialect, how things connect and compose ;
[slides](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1kjeYi4X_WC5B45z3nvw9W7UfyREahJhz/view?usp=sharing)

* June 24, 2020: Stephen shared his work on Handshake dialect ;
[presentation](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UYQAfHrzcsdXUZ93bHPTPNwrscwx89M-/view?usp=sharing)

* June 10, 2020: John Demme talked about Elastic-Silicon-Interconnect project ;
[github project](https://github.com/microsoft/Elastic-Silicon-Interconnect)

